Good day,

I would like to ask for your help with moving a virtual space from my account to account of my client. I can't do it using 'Transfer between organisations'. I can't upload it anew either, because this virtual space had some issues with linking points - It was displaying weird. 

Martin Kucsera

Dňa pi 14. 2. 2020, 12:43 Miska Kolekova <miska.kolekova@gmail.com> napísal(a):
Dobrý deň.
prosím chcela by som premiesniť virtuálnu prehliadku ktorú som vytvorila na svojom účte na účet môjho klienta. Mám zaplatený balík STARTER, môj klient ma Biznis balík. danú virtuálnu prehliadku im neviem premiestniť  pomocou TRANSFER BETWEEN ORGANISATIOS, neviem im ju ani nanovo nahrať. Pretože s danou virtuálnou prehliadkou som mala pred 6mesiacmi problém, nefugovalo spájanie bodov, zle sa to zobrazovalo. Vtedy mi pomohla vaša zamestnankina dee j, ktorá opravila virtuálnu prehliadku, opravila WEB LINK, nie to čo som snímala cez vašu aplikáciu. Preto to neviem nanovo uploadnuť.
viem že existujú tri možnosti ako sa dá uploadnuť virtuálna prehliadka.
1. nanovo nahrať
2. transfer between organisations
3. že to spravíte vy, pokiaľ budete mať dovolenie od klienta, kam chcem presunúť danú virtuálnu prehliadku.

Prosím Vás, môžete to presunúť vy? Keďže nemám inú možnosť a neviem ísť daný priestor nanovo nasnímať?


anlgicky :
Good day.
please I would like to relocate the virtual tour that I created in my account to my client's account. I have a STARTER package, my client has a Business package. I cannot relocate the virtual tour to them using TRANSFER BETWEEN ORGANISATIOS, nor can I upload it again. Because I had a problem with the virtual tour 6 months ago, the linking did not work, it was poorly displayed. Then your dee j employee who helped me with the virtual tour helped me fix WEB LINK, not what I scanned through your application. That's why I can't upload it again.
I know there are three ways to upload a virtual tour.
1. Re-upload
2. transfer between organizations
3. that you will do so if you have permission from the client where I want to move the virtual tour.

Please, can you move it? Since I have no other choice and can not go to re-capture the space?
